h2. Finite State Machine: An AS3 utility

Version 1.0.002
This utility is a re-architecturing of the "pureMVC original":http://trac.puremvc.org/Utility_AS3_StateMachine with the following notice:

Copyright (c) 2008 Neil Manuell, Cliff Hall.
Your reuse is governed by the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License

h3. Aims

To keep the utility:
* as simple as the original, but to give greater flexibility for customisation.
* free from any framework dependencies.
* free from any comms bus dependencies (events, signals, notifications).
* free from any data dependencies (for declaring the FSM).

These are the base classes only, concrete implementations are listed below

h3 Bins
* "Version 1.0.002":http://statemachine.org/swcs/AS3-StateMachine-Base-V1-0-002.zip

h3 Documentation

* "Documentation (base code only)":http://statemachine.org/docs
* Tutorials - to come

h3. Implementations

# "Standard Event StateMachine:":http://github.com/AS3StateMachine/AS3-Standard-Event-StateMachine this extension can be used in any event driven framework (eg Robotlegs).
# "Enhanced Event StateMachine:":http://github.com/AS3StateMachine/AS3-Enhanced-Event-StateMachine this extension can be used in any event driven framework (eg Robotlegs).
# "Signal StateMachine for Robotlegs:":http://github.com/AS3StateMachine/AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs this extension is specifically for use with Robotlegs using Signals.
# "Standard StateMachine for pureMVC:":http://github.com/AS3StateMachine/AS3-Standard-StateMachine-for-PureMVC replicates the original utilities functionality.

Coming soon (well, eventually)

# "Enhanced StateMachine for pureMVC:"

h3. Links:

"statemachine.org":http:/statemachine.org
"What is a Finite State Machine? (wikipedia definition)":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finite-state_machine
"Robotlegs Website":http://www.robotlegs.org
"PureMVC Website":http://www.puremvc.org
"My Website":http:/revisual.co.uk

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.